Javascript Float64 Library.
=============================

FL64 is an library that is designed to push the limits of calculating numbers and pushes the limits of arithmetic. It also extends the double precision floating point number format allowing javascript to.<br />

<hr />

Note that the beta vector ratio tool lets you sum number ratios directly and reverse them: <a href="https://recoskie.github.io/Fl64/beta.html">Link</a>.

<hr />

* Split numbers into parts, or find the pattern to any number.<br />

* Create numbers in any number of dimensions, and ratios, or solve them.<br />

* Complete access to the 64 bits, of an double precision number.<br />

* All 64 bit's of a double precision number can do 64 bitwise arithmetic.<br />

  * Numbers have number properties **num.sing**, **num.exp**, **num.mantissa** which can be manipulated with math operations, and bitwise which changes the number value.<br />
  
* Periodic Pattern detection.<br />

* Error correction.<br />

* Nicely format double precision numbers as proper fractions, or as script code.<br />

# Web application: </td><td><a href="https://recoskie.github.io/Fl64/">Link</a>

The FL64 web application allows you to. <br />

* To analyze Irrational numbers. <br />

* Create Irrational numbers.<br />

* Analyze the pattern to numbers generated by math functions like tanh, square root, logarithm.

* To analyze recurring patterns in bases 2 through 36. <br />

* To convert IEEE - 754 double precision binary in base2 - 36 to fractional Number, and to convert fractional Numbers in base2 - 36 to IEEE - 754 double precision binary.<br />

* To generate rally long randomized periodic patterns in different number bases and convert them back, and fourth between fractions that produce the periodic pattern in division.<br />
  Base36 pat: 0SNENI0UC2T49D277JC14G3QTOHEXM1S1HXGZRKN7WTEDDZWMNORIYJR75UNVI7L0PA2C9JSVU0A40XPF4CQEIG0DHD8XW5SZ7CLCHZ5NX6VQMXSSGNYVJW96BIL2DY7YI2J08FCS36LMM03DCB8H1G8SU5C4HSEZAPXNQG745ZPVZ2AKVN9LHJZMIMR23U7∞ <br /> Converts to fraction 17÷769, and the division pattern of 17÷769 produces the pattern sequence in base36.

* allows you to run and test custom code using the library.

# Reference: <a href="https://github.com/Recoskie/Fl64/wiki/Reference">Link</a>

The FL64 reference page shows all callable functions but does not give you live examples and in-depth explanations.

# Documentation and live Examples: <a href="https://recoskie.github.io/Fl64/docs/Examples.html">Link</a>

If the reference is not enough, then the documentation with live examples is better.

It also explains how it works.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If you are only interested in writing algorithms that solve the A to B ratio of random numbers into how to calculate them and their geometric relationships then you may be better off with a smaller version of this code see <a href="https://gist.github.com/Recoskie/3475a124f095c90bb090bc096bcf0e0c">CF tool gist</a>.

Thus you can write custom functions like sine or cosine that compute really complex things at high performance.
